JAN OF THE ANN
ARBOR POLICE OFFICER PERMISSION
TO ORDER AND I'M GOING TO ASK
YOU THIS COUNCIL MEMBER SOME
HERE WITH COMMISSIONER OFMAN
HERE COMMISSIONER VELLA YEAR
AFTER YEAR COMMISSIONER MILGRIM
HOUSE MEMBERS, MR. CHAIRMAN,
THEIR COMMISSIONER PRESENT
COMMISSIONER ALIKHAN
COMMISSIONER FRANK.
WELL, THANK YOU AND I DO WANT
TO THANK EVERYBODY.
I WOULD SAY HAPPY NEW YEAR.
FIRST OF ALL, WE THANK
EVERYBODY FOR COMING OUT IN.
YOU'RE GOING TO TRY AND GET
THROUGH THIS MEETING BECAUSE
THEY TELL ME IT'S GETTING THE
WEATHER IS GETTING WORSE OUT
THERE.
I WANT EVERYBODY TO SAY THANK
YOU.
THANK YOU.
PLEASE MEDICINES CTM THANK YOU
.
>> DO I NEED TO SAY HAPPY NEW
YEAR AGAIN?
GOT THAT.
WE'LL JUST MOVE ON.
OK, SO I WANT TO I'VE GOT A LOT
HERE AND I'M GOING TO I'M
TRYING TO THINK WHAT EXACTLY IF
THERE'S ANYTHING I WANT TO CUT
OUT AT THIS POINT LET'S LET'S
DO THOSE THINGS AND I HAVE A
MOTION TO APPROVE THE AGENDA IF
YOU'VE HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO
TAKE A LOOK AT IT.
SO IS THERE A SECOND SECOND.
ALL RIGHT.
ANY DISCUSSION IN ADDITIONS OR
CORRECTIONS IN THAT CASE ALL IN
FAVOR OF APPROVING THE AGENDA
AS IT IS WRITTEN.
PLEASE I THANK YOU.
AND NOW WITH REGARD TO THE
MINUTES, IF YOU HAD AN
OPPORTUNITY TO LOOK OVER THE
MINUTES YOU HAVE MINUTES FROM
OUR LAST MEETING IN NOVEMBER AS
WELL, MINUTES FROM THE SPECIAL
MEETING THAT WE HAD IN NOVEMBER
FOR THE NEW POLICE CHIEF.
SO IF YOU'VE HAD A CHANCE TO
TAKE A LOOK AT THOSE AND IF SO
IF I CAN HAVE A MOTION TO
APPROVE THIS AT PROVE THEM BOTH
AT THE SAME TIME.
OK, COMMISSIONER.
MR. MUST'VE HEARD THE MAYOR.
THANK YOU.
IS THERE A SECOND SECOND ALL
FAVOR IN YOUR POST?
ALL RIGHT.
THE MINUTES ARE APPROVED THEN
WE'RE GOING TO MOVE ON TO
PUBLIC COMMENT.
IS THERE ANYONE HERE AT THIS
TIME THAT WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK
FOR PUBLIC COMMENT HEARING
NONE.
IS THERE ANYBODY ON LINE THAT
LIKE TO SPEAK FOR PUBLIC SEEING
NONE.
WE HAVE NO PUBLIC THANK YOU.
OK, I WANT TO TALK FIRST ABOUT
OUR ANNUAL REPORT.
WE WANT TO FINISH IT AS SOON AS
POSSIBLE AFTER THE YEAR IS OVER
AND THIS WILL REALLY BE I DON'T
KNOW IF A ACTUAL WRITTEN FORMAL
REPORT THAT WE HAVE DONE YET AS
A COMMISSION SO THIS IS ONE
THAT WE WANT TO GET GOING I
SENT OUT TO GET A CHANCE TO
LOOK AT THE DRAFT
RECOMMENDATIONS THAT I HAD SENT
OUT AND I KNOW COMMISSIONER
OFMAN SENT OUT SOME OTHERS AS
WELL.
>> OK, WHEN YOU WOULD YOU LOOK
AT THOSE WE WHAT WE'RE GOING TO
REPORT AND WHAT WE DID BUT WE
ALSO I THINK EQUALLY AS
IMPORTANT AS SAYING WHAT WE DID
IS WHAT THAT MEANS AND A LOT
OF WHAT WE ARE RECOMMENDING
COMES FROM WHAT WE DID AND WHAT
WE HEARD FROM THE COMPLAINTS
THAT PEOPLE SUBMITTED.
AND SO WE HAVE THERE'S GOING TO
BE A GOODLY NUMBER MAYBE 10 OR
12 RECOMMENDATIONS THAT WE HOPE
WILL COME OUT.
WE PLAN TO HAVE IT PRINTED AND
FORMAL.
WE HAVE SOMEONE IN THE CITY
WHO'S GOING TO HELP US ACTUALLY
SET IT UP.
I TALKED TO MR. CUMMINGS TODAY
AND FOR INSTANCE, WHEN WE
REFERENCE LIKE PROFESSOR
KARPIAK REPORT, WE WANT TO HAVE
A LINK IN THE REPORT TO ANYONE
READING OUR REPORT CAN GO TO
THAT REPORT AND THERE ARE A
COUPLE OF THOSE ALSO THE THE
TRAFFIC ORDINANCE THAT WAS
PASSED LAST YEAR.
WE WANT PEOPLE TO BE ABLE TO TO
LINK UP TO THOSE DOCUMENTS SO
FOR THE NEXT MEETING WHICH IS
FEBRUARY, PLEASE TAKE A LOOK AT
MAYBE I'LL SEND THEM OUT AGAIN
AS A DRAFT.
IS THAT GOOD IDEA?
I PUT THEM ALL IN ONE DOCUMENT
AND SEND THEM OUT AGAIN.
AND IF YOU HAVE ONE THING THAT
I HAD THOUGHT ABOUT AND I SAID
IN IN ONE OF MY ONE OF MY
EMAILS SOME OF THESE YOU MIGHT
NOT THINK IS A RECOMMENDATION.
YOU MIGHT JUST THINK
OF SOMETHING THAT WE TALKED
ABOUT WHICH YOU DON'T
NECESSARILY WANT TO MAKE IT A
FORMAL RECOMMENDATION.
SO I WOULD REALLY APPRECIATE
EVERYBODY'S INPUT FOR THE NEXT
MEETING.
OK, NOW THE NEXT MEETING WILL
BE OUR FEBRUARY MEETING FOR OUR
MARCH MEETING AND I TALKED TO
THE OUTREACH COMMITTEE.
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU ALL HAVE
THOUGHT ABOUT IT AT ALL BUT WE
HAD OUR INTERVIEWS FOR THE NEW
POLICE CHIEF AND I'D LIKE TO
REPORT THAT THE PERSON THAT OUR
GROUP SUPPORTED THE MOST AND
PUT AS OUR NUMBER ONE WAS
SELECTED FOR THE POLICE CHIEF.
>> SO AS I AM INFORMED, THERE
IS NOT YET A START DATE.
HE'S MOVING FROM ARIZONA
SOMEWHERE WARM.
YEAH.
AND SO PROBABLY SOMETIME IN
EARLY FEBRUARY HE'LL BE HERE SO
WE'RE LOOKING AT WE WOULD LIKE
TO HAVE OUR MARCH MEETING AS
ANOTHER PUBLIC FORUM AND MEET
THE CHIEF AND OF COURSE THERE'S
GOING TO BE A FORMAL SWEARING
IN THAT THE PUBLIC WILL BE
INVITED TO BUT THAT WOULD BE
NICE TO HAVE SOMETHING ALSO
INFORMAL AND PEOPLE CAN FEEL
FREE TO COME AND ASK QUESTIONS
AND SO FORTH.
SO I DON'T KNOW IF YOU ALL HAVE
REPORTED YOU LOOK AT THAT AT
ALL.
WELL, YEAH, I THOUGHT THIS
NEIGHBORHOOD CENTER WAS
WONDERFUL FOR A OF I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU DO IT THERE.
>> I KNOW YOU SAID YOU WANTED A
DIFFERENT VENUE.
WELL, I ONLY SAID DIFFERENT
BECAUSE I DIDN'T WANT TO IMPOSE
ON COMMISSIONER BILLUPS ONE
MORE TIME.
I THOUGHT IT WAS A GREAT VENUE
AS WELL.
WE HAVE A DATE MARCH NO WELL
WELL ON MARCH TWENTY SIX MARCH
TWENTY SIX JUST LET ME JUST
DOUBLE CHECK MY CALENDAR REAL
QUICK AND SEE.
YEAH.
OH THAT'S THAT'S THAT'S
POSSIBLE.
THAT'S SPRING BREAK.
WE WON'T HAVE ANY EVENING IT'S
POSSIBLE I JUST NEED TO CLARIFY
SOMETHING WITH THE WITH MY
COWORKERS OK THAT'S VERY
POSSIBLE.
THEY'RE EXCELLENT EXCELLENT.
SO LET'S PENCIL THAT IN FOR OUR
MARCH MEETING MEET THE CHIEF
AND WE'LL TRY TO GET THE WORD
OUT SO THAT THE PUBLIC KNOWS
THAT THAT THAT'S COMING.
AN UPDATE THERE IS A QUESTION I
THINK FROM COMMISSIONER PIPKINS
ABOUT WHERE WE ARE ON THE
UNOBVIOUS AND THERE WAS AN
ARTICLE THE OTHER DAY IN THE
ANN ARBOR NEWS .
APPARENTLY THERE WAS ONLY ONE
RESPONSE TO THE LAST REQUEST
FOR PROPOSALS AND SO THEY'VE
ASKED THE CITY ADMINISTRATOR TO
DO A SECOND REQUEST FOR
PROPOSALS BY MARCH 1ST I
BELIEVE TO GET THAT OUT OR
DON'T MEAN A YES PLEASE, PLEASE
.
SO THAT'S CORRECT.
THERE WAS ONE RFP RESPONSE TO
ACTUALLY FULFILLING WHAT THE
CITY'S ASKING FOR FOR THE
UNARMED CRISIS RESPONSE PROGRAM
.
THEY WENT UNDER REVIEW BY THE
CITY ADMINISTRATOR'S OFFICE AND
BY OUR ATTORNEYS AND THE CITY
DECLINED TO ENGAGE THE RFP.
SO THAT DOESN'T MEAN THAT THE
PROGRAM HAS BEEN CANCELED.
I THINK THERE'S A LOT
OF INFORMATION ON LINE SAYING
THAT THE CITY HAS CANCELED A
PROGRAM THAT ISN'T THE CASE
BECAUSE IT'S BUDGETED FOR
THERE'S ALREADY THERE WAS A
RESOLUTION TO PUT THIS FORWARD
TWO YEARS AGO.
IT'S BUDGETED WITH GENERAL FUND
MONEY.
IT'S BUDGETED WITH OUR RELIEF
SO WE GET ALL THE POLITICAL
MONEY.
WORK WE DID, ALL THE PUBLIC
SO WE GET ALL THE POLITICAL
WORK TO MAKE SURE THAT THIS IS
WORK WE DID, ALL THE PUBLIC
HAPPENING.
WORK TO MAKE SURE THAT THIS IS
BUT AT THIS POINT IT HAD TO
HAPPENING.
TRANSITION TO INTERNAL STAFF TO
BUT AT THIS POINT IT HAD TO
ACTUALLY PUT IT IN PLACE.
TRANSITION TO INTERNAL STAFF TO
I KNOW THERE IS A LOT
ACTUALLY PUT IT IN PLACE.
OF CRITICISM AS TO HOW IT WAS
I KNOW THERE IS A LOT
DECIDED NOT ENGAGE WITH RFP
OF CRITICISM AS TO HOW IT WAS
THAT THE GROUP ABOUT SAFETY WHO
DECIDED NOT ENGAGE WITH RFP
APPLIED TO IMPLEMENT THE
THAT THE GROUP ABOUT SAFETY WHO
PROGRAM ELECTED CANNOT
APPLIED TO IMPLEMENT THE
INTERVENE IN THE RFP PROCESS.
PROGRAM ELECTED CANNOT
WE CAN'T TELL OUR CITY
INTERVENE IN THE RFP PROCESS.
ADMINISTRATOR WHO THE EXECUTIVE
WE CAN'T TELL OUR CITY
WHO REPORTS TO US TO CHOOSE
ADMINISTRATOR WHO THE EXECUTIVE
CERTAIN APPLICANTS OR GIVE YOU
WHO REPORTS TO US TO CHOOSE
NO ADDITIONAL REVIEW TO CERTAIN
CERTAIN APPLICANTS OR GIVE YOU
OR NOT REVIEW.
NO ADDITIONAL REVIEW TO CERTAIN
YOU KNOW, LIKE ME WE CAN'T
OR NOT REVIEW.
INTERVENE IN THAT PROCESS
YOU KNOW, LIKE ME WE CAN'T
BECAUSE IT'S SHOW US BIAS RIGHT
INTERVENE IN THAT PROCESS
.
BECAUSE IT'S SHOW US BIAS RIGHT
AND THAT GOES WITH ANY RFP
.
WHETHER
IT'S CONSTRUCTION,
WHETHER IT'S ANY OTHER
CONTRACTOR.
THE CITY.
BUT WE DID HAVE SOME
CONVERSATIONS AND HOW THIS HAS
BEEN COMMUNICATED IN THE
PUBLIC.
I THINK THERE'S CONFUSION
BECAUSE I THINK FOLKS ARE
WONDERING IF THE CITY IS LOSING
STEAM OR INTEREST IN THIS AND
THAT'S NOT THE CASE AT ALL.
NOT YESTERDAY'S CITY COUNCIL
MEETING BUT THE COUNCIL
MEETING.
BEFORE I CLARIFY THAT EVEN
EVERY CANDIDATE WHO CAME TO
INTERVIEW AS OUR POLICE CHIEF
CAME IN SUPPORT OF OUR CRISIS
RESPONSE AND THAT IS EVERY
SINGLE COUNCIL MEMBER IS STILL
IN SUPPORT OF OUR CRISIS
RESPONSE.
OUR INTERIM CHIEFS HAVE BEEN IN
SUPPORT OF OUR CRISIS.
FRANCE CITY ADMINISTRATOR IS
STILL IN SUPPORT OF THIS.
SO I THINK THAT MESSAGE NEEDS
TO BE CLEAR.
WE HAVE A LOT OF STEAM BUT WE
ARE TRYING TO REVISIT WHY WE
ONLY HAD ONE APPLICANT FOR
THIS.
WE'RE TRYING TO REVISIT OUR OUR
EXPECTATIONS THAT THE CITY HAS
HAD AROUND FUNDING.
HAS IT WAS IT ADEQUATE ENOUGH
AND IS THE AMBITION ACTUALLY
BEYOND AND ANN ARBOR RIGHT IS
THE NEED AND THE AMBITION FOR
THIS OR THIS EFFORT BEYOND ANN
ARBOR CAN PROVIDE FOR I THINK
WE BUDGETED OVER TWO MILLION
FOR THIS AND TO EXPECT A TWENTY
FOUR SEVEN RESPONSE WITH THAT
FUNDING IS EXPECTING A LOT SO
OTHER CONVERSATIONS THAT WE'RE
TRYING TO GET GOING IS TO
FIGURE OUT.
ALL RIGHT, WE'VE DONE THE
POLITICAL WORK THE CITY IS
TRYING TO DO BUREAUCRATIC WORK
AND TRYING TO FIND OUT WHO IS
THE RIGHT FIT TO ACTUALLY
IMPLEMENT THIS.
BUT IT MIGHT BE ALSO A GOOD
TIME TO TALK ABOUT WHAT PUBLIC
SAFETY AND CRISIS RESPONSE CAN
LOOK LIKE COUNTY WIDE AND BRING
THIS UP BECAUSE THE COUNTY
MENTAL HEALTH I'M SORRY COUNTY
MENTAL HEALTH PUBLIC SAFETY IS
UP NEXT YEAR FOR RENEWAL.
BUT COUNTY COMMISSIONERS ARE
THINKING OF ACTUALLY DOING A
RENEWAL THIS YEAR JUST THIS
NOVEMBER.
SO AS WE THINK ABOUT FUNDING TO
NOT JUST IMPLEMENT WHAT WE
WOULD LIKE TO SEE HERE IN ANN
ARBOR BUT TO ACTUALLY HAVE THAT
COME AS A TWENTY FOUR SEVEN
SERVICE AS THAT AS IT COMES AS
MAYBE SOMETHING THAT WE DID
BEYOND ANN ARBOR, THEN PLEASE
DON'T JUST PRESS UPON ANN ARBOR
ELECTED THIS IS AN OPPORTUNITY
TO TALK TO OTHER MUNICIPAL
ELECTED TO AS THEY THINK ABOUT
PUBLIC SAFETY SO NOT PUSHING
OFF OUR OWN RESPONSABLE D HERE
IN ANN ARBOR TO TRY TO GET THIS
DONE.
BUT I WOULD REALLY HOPE THAT
ADVOCATES REALLY START
CONNECTING THE DOTS HERE ON NOT
JUST THE TWO YEAR BASE FUNDING
BECAUSE THE ARPA FUNDING HAS TO
BE SPENT BY TWENTY TWENTY SIX
RIGHT.
AND THEN AGAIN THIS WAS LIKE A
PILOT PROJECT A TWO YEAR UNARM
CRISIS RESPONSE PROJECT.
BUT WHAT WHERE DOES THAT LEAVE
THE COMMUNITY AFTER TWO YEARS?
I MEAN OUR ISSUES ARE NOT GOING
TO RESOLVE UPON THEMSELVES.
THEY'RE NOT GOING TO DISAPPEAR
IN TWENTY TWENTY SIX RIGHT.
SO THIS WOULD BE A GOOD
OPPORTUNITY TO GET A HEAD START
AND THINKING ABOUT ADDITIONAL
LONG TERM REHAK PERRING FUNDING
THAT ISN'T UP TO US UP HERE AT
EVERY BUDGET CYCLE.
SO I FEEL LIKE THERE'S AN
OPPORTUNITY HERE TO HAVE A
BETTER CONFERENCE AND
ESPECIALLY WITH THIS MILLICH
FUNDING BECAUSE THAT'S THAT'S
THAT'S DEDICATED FUNDING
TOWARDS PUBLIC SAFETY AND
MENTAL HEALTH AND THAT SPLIT
HERE IN ANN ARBOR AS A REBATE.
BUT IT DOESN'T NECESSARILY HAVE
TO BE USED IN THE IN IN THE
WAYS THAT THIS REBATE HAS BEEN
USED BEFORE WHICH WAS FOR
CLIMATE RESPONSE, PEDESTRIAN
SAFETY AND AFFORDABLE HOUSING.
BUT SINCE WE HAVE MORTGAGES FOR
ALL THREE OF THOSE EFFORTS
ALREADY THAT'S REOCCURRING
FUNDING THAT CAN COME BACK
POTENTIALLY FOR SOMETHING LIKE
A CRISIS.
I'M ASKING FOR PATIENCE.
I KNOW IT'S VERY, VERY
DIFFICULT BECAUSE FOLKS ARE
REALLY ANXIOUS AND I KNOW FOLKS
FEEL LIKE THERE'S THERE'S NO
TIME TODAY TO ACTUALLY SEE THIS
HAPPEN.
BUT IF YOU TALK TO ATTORNEYS
WHO ARE ALL ABOUT LIABILITIES,
THERE'S NOTHING LIKE
LIABILITIES TO TO SLOW US DOWN.
AND I WILL SAY ON BEHALF OF THE
CITY THAT IT'S NOT IT'S NOT
UNWARRANTED.
THEY THEY THEIR BUREAUCRACY IS
CAUTIOUS FOR FOR GOOD REASON
AND WE JUST HAVE TO FIGURE THIS
OUT.
YEAH.
SO I DON'T KNOW IF THERE ARE
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS.
THAT'S PRETTY MUCH WHERE IT
STANDS.
YOU KNOW, I CAN SORT OF SEE THE
PUTIN SHOW PEOPLE WILL SUE OVER
ANYTHING BUT YOU KNOW, SOMEBODY
CALLS THE POLICE AND WE SEND
THE SOCIAL WORKER AND SOMEBODY
GETS SHOT YOU KNOW THAT.
SO THAT MEANS YOU HAVE TO THINK
AND I CAN UNDERSTAND WHY THESE
SORTS OF ISSUES I THINK ONE
THING WAS WE WERE ASKING FOR
TWENTY SEVEN AND KIRBY SAFETY
GIVEN THE FUNDING THAT WE WERE
PROVIDING COULDN'T PROVIDE
COULDN'T GIVE TWENTY FOUR SEVEN
SO FOR THE CITY WE'RE TRYING TO
FIGURE OUT WELL HOW WILL THAT
REALLY WORK.
FOLKS CAN'T ORGANIZE A CRISIS
ON CERTAIN DAYS AND TIME YOU
KNOW SO IT WAS IT'S A GOOD IT'S
A GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR US TO
REFLECT ON WHY AH IF THERE ARE
CHANGES IN OUR FEET THAT NEED
TO BE MADE AND AGAIN ELECTED
CAN'T ASK FOR CERTAIN CHANGES
IN THE RFP AND I HOPE YOU
UNDERSTAND WHY WE CAN'T
INFLUENCE THAT PROCESS BUT WE
HAVE ASKED KIRBY SAFETY FOLKS
TO SAY THERE'S NOTHING TO STOP
YOU FROM HAVING THESE MEETINGS
WITH OUR CITY ADMINISTRATOR AND
ASKING THESE QUESTIONS BUT I
CAN'T ASK THE CITY
ADMINISTRATOR TO MEET WITH
WHOEVER I THINK IS IMPORTANT TO
MEET WITH.
DO YOU SEE THE DIFFERENT YOU
SEE THE DIFFERENCE RIGHT?
LIKE I CAN'T INFLUENCE WHO HE
MEETS WITH BUT THERE'S NOT
NOTHING TO STOP FOLKS FROM
MEETING WITH BUT THAT OFFICE OR
WITH THE ATTORNEYS COMMISSIONER
LYNN, ARE YOU SAYING THAT
BECAUSE THE RFP WAS FOR TWENTY
FOUR SEVEN THE VENDOR COULDN'T
DELIVER THAT AND THE BUDGET IS
THAT WHAT YOU GIVEN THE BUDGET?
I MEAN IT'S EXPENSIVE.
THIS IS A VERY EXPENSIVE
PROGRAM THE STAFF.
RIGHT AND THEN THERE ARE I MEAN
YOU'RE ASKING THE STAFF
PROGRAMS TO DEVELOP TRUST
RIGHT.
A NEW WE'VE NEVER DONE THIS
BEFORE.
THIS IS DIFFERENT FROM WHAT CMH
DOES IN THE COUNTY.
WE'RE SEEING INSISTS ON HAVING
POLICE WHEN THEY RESPOND.
RIGHT.
SO NINE TO FIVE WOULD BE BETTER
THAN NOTHING.
YOU ABSOLUTELY.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
BUT YOU KNOW, AT IT DOESN'T
SOUND LIKE WHAT WE HAD BUDGETED
FOR IS ENOUGH FOR THAT.
YEAH.
OK, ANY OTHER QUESTIONS OR
INPUT, COMMISSIONER?
I JUST I THINK THAT WOULD BE
SOMETHING THAT YOU TOUCHED ON A
LITTLE BIT ABOUT A COUNTY
RESPONSE AT SOME POINT AND
THINKING I THINK IT'S IT WOULD
BE A GREAT THING TO HAVE THE
COUNTY ACTUALLY THINK ABOUT
ESPECIALLY SINCE THE NINE ONE
ONE SYSTEM GOES TO OUR COUNTY
DISPATCH TO HAVE THIS WHOLE
TOTAL COUNTY EFFORT.
I KNOW IT TAKES A LOT TO MAKE
THAT HAPPEN AND IT'S NOT LIKE
IT'LL HAPPEN TOMORROW BUT I
THINK THAT'S SOMETHING THAT WE
SHOULD BE THINKING ABOUT.
YOU GUYS GOVERNMENT SHOULD BE
THINKING ABOUT HOW DO WE PURSUE
THAT WITH THE OTHER
GOVERNMENTAL ENTITIES IN THIS
COUNTY TO PULL THAT KIND OF OF
EFFORT TOGETHER?
>> I THINK IT WILL BE GREAT
WHICH IS WHICH IS WHY I BRING
UP THE COUNTY MENTAL HEALTH
KNOWLEDGE BECAUSE EVEN THOUGH I
SUPPORTED THAT I A PRETTY BIG
MAJORITY ON THAT THAT FIRST
THAT VILLAGE WHEN I WAS FIRST
PASSED THAT THAT I WON'T BE THE
CASE FOR ALL THE CITIES WITHIN
THE COUNTY.
WE KNOW SOME CITIES IN THE
COUNTY FEEL THE TAX THE TAX
BASE FEELS LIKE THEY'RE HEAVIER
THAN OTHER PARTS.
SO WE JUST CAN'T ASSUME THAT
THIS MILLAGE WILL BE RENEWED.
YEAH, AND I KNOW ADVOCATES WHO
HAD INITIALLY HAVE TALKED ABOUT
THE WORK BEING MORE COUNTY
BASED.
WE'RE TRYING WHAT WE CAN YOU
KNOW, IN THE CITY WITH THE
LEADERSHIP THAT WE HAVE AND I'M
THANKFUL FOR MR. DOWNEY FOR
PUSHING THIS THROUGH WHILE HE
HAS OTHER THINGS ON ON TASK.
BUT IT MIGHT BE A GOOD TIME TO
HAVE OTHER VOICES COME ON BOARD
.
YEAH, YEAH.
I THINK IT'S REALLY IMPORTANT
TO HAVE THIS EFFORT ON BOARD TO
INCLUDE THE THE COUNTY BECAUSE
THERE ARE OTHER CONSERVATIVES
IN THE COUNTY ITSELF, WHETHER
IT'S THE SWAT, WHETHER IT'S
FIRE HAZARD, THE THE FIRE WHERE
DIFFERENT DEPARTMENTS ARE
CONTRIBUTING AND ALSO IT'S
GOING TO BE IN THE LONG RUN TO
RUN IT THROUGH TO THE COUNTY IS
GOING TO BE PROBABLY CHEAPER.
THEY'LL RUN IT ON INDIVIDUAL
MUNICIPALITIES OR GOVERNMENTS.
I DON'T KNOW, UH WHAT WE CAN DO
IT AND I WAS ONLY WITHIN AN
HOUR UNLESS IT GOES TOWARDS
SOCIAL SERVICE AGENCY FUNDING
THAT WE CONTRIBUTE TO THE
COUNTY.
BUT WHAT WE'VE COMMITTED TO ON
CRISIS RESPONSE HAS TO HAPPEN
WITHIN AN HOUR.
I BRING UP THE COUNTY BECAUSE
I'M JUST LOOKING FOR WAYS TO
THINK ABOUT THIS PROGRAM SO
IT'S SUSTAINABLE BEYOND TWO
YEARS THE COUNTY HAS DEDICATED
OUR FUNDING TO SO IT'S NOT JUST
THE MILITARY FUNDING THEY HAVE
MONEY THEY STILL NEED TO
DEDICATE PRETTY QUICKLY MUCH
LESS SPEND IT BY TWENTY TWENTY
SIX.
RIGHT.
I FEEL LIKE THERE'S FOUR
MISSING
WE'RE MISSING PIECES TO
THIS CONVERSATION.
WE'VE BEEN WE'VE BEEN WORKING
TOGETHER SPEAKING TOGETHER FROM
ELECTED ADMINISTRATION ATTORNEY
IS ORGANIZER'S TO WANT THIS FOR
ANN ARBOR.
WE'VE STALLED A BIT AND TRYING
TO FIGURE OUT WHERE WE CAN
ACTUALLY HOW WE CAN IMPLEMENT
THIS AND MEET EVERYONE'S
EXPECTATIONS.
BUT I FEEL LIKE, YOU KNOW, IF
WE HAD SOMEONE WHO DOES
SOMETHING SIMILAR EITHER KIND
OF HELP US NAVIGATE THESE SPEED
BUMPS SO THAT FOLKS AREN'T
DISAPPOINTED.
YOU KNOW, IF WE DO HAVE LIMITED
HOURS, WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
HOW DO WE COMMUNICATE THAT IF
THE BUDGET ISN'T ENOUGH, HOW DO
WE FIND ADDITIONAL FUNDING?
IF NO ONE APPLIES THEN WHAT
DOES IT SAY ABOUT THE CITY SO
THE RFP IS BEING REWRITTEN?
I THINK WE ACTUALLY HAVE A
TIGHTER TIMELINE THAN MARCH FOR
IT TO BE REISSUED.
I THINK WE WERE LOOKING AT
EARLY FEBRUARY FOR IT TO BE
REISSUED BECAUSE AGAIN WE HAVE
TO SPEND THIS MONEY I THINK THE
NEWSPAPER SAID MARCH BUT WE'VE
WE'VE SAID LITTLE BEFORE SO MR.
PIPKINS, I GUESS MY QUESTION IS
WHAT IS IT THAT YOU'RE LOOKING
FOR FROM THE COMMUNITY TO GET
THIS MOVING ALONG LIKE I HEAR
THE BECAUSE IT SOUNDS LIKE IT
HAS TO START IN IOWA LIKE THE
COUNTY IS A GREAT IDEA BUT WE
HAVE TO START HERE FIRST AND
THEN TRY TO FIGURE OUT HOW WE
CAN BRING IT ABOUT AMONG THE
COUNTY.
SO HOW DO WE SOLVE THE PROBLEM
HERE NEEDS TO BE DONE TO MOVE
IT ALONG SO THIS IS WHERE THE
NEXT TEST IS WHEN THE RFP IS
REISSUED.
WHAT RESPONSE WILL GET IF THE
ONLY APPLICANT APPLIES AGAIN,
IF IT'S IF THE RFP HAS BEEN
ADJUSTED TO WHAT WE'VE IF WE'RE
CLEAR ON WHAT WE'RE ASKING
OF THE COMMITTEE WE THE CITY
HAVE BEEN CLEARER AND MORE
SPECIFIC AND WHAT WE NEED I
THINK THE CITY AND ATTORNEYS
THAT WE ARE VERY CLEAR BUT
THAT'S PROBABLY NOT THE CASE.
SO THAT'S WHEN WE'LL FIND OUT
WHO RESPONDS TO THE RFP ONCE
THAT'S WHERE YOU ISSUED AND
THAT'S WHEN YOU NOTIFY US IS
SENT OUT ON DIFFERENT SOCIAL
NETWORKS ON THE CITY WEBSITE
LIKE HOW ARE YOU GUYS GETTING
THE WORD OUT TO PEOPLE OR TO
ORGANIZE?
>> THAT'S A REALLY GOOD
QUESTION.
SO COUNCIL MEMBER HARRISON
REALLY PUSHED FOR US TO THINK A
LITTLE BIT MORE CREATIVELY AND
THAN JUST PUTTING IT ON THE
WEBSITE AND JUST PUTTING IT ON
THE WEBSITE.
YEAH, AND THAT'S THEN WE CAN'T
WE CAN'T FOR SPECIFICS.
SO WE DID ASK THE CITY
ADMINISTRATION TO TO BE MORE
CREATIVE IN ITS OUTREACH.
OK, THANK YOU.
THANKS.
HOPEFULLY I DO WANT TO THANK
FOLKS FOR PUSHING US ON THIS
AND AND I'M SORRY FOR THE UPSET
THAT IT'S CAUSED IN THE
COMMUNITY AND THE
DISAPPOINTMENTS FOLKS I FELT
BECAUSE IT'S BEEN A LONG RIDE
FROM WHEN THIS WAS A RESOLUTION
SAYING I'M CRISIS RESPONSE IS
NECESSARY AND THEN WE WENT
THROUGH COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT
AND WE SPENT MONEY WITH A
CONSULTANT TO DO COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT AND THEN WE A
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT AGAIN
BECAUSE IT WAS LIKE FEDERAL
FUNDING.
SO WE'VE TALKED A LOT ABOUT
THIS AND I KNOW PEOPLE IN
COMMUNITY ARE LIKE WHY ARE WE
STILL TALKING ABOUT IT?
IT'S A GOOD QUESTION.
IT'S A GOOD QUESTION AND I'M
SORRY IF IF I HAVEN'T ANSWERED
THINGS WELL, WE DID HAVE A
CLOSED SESSION ON A MEETING
WITH OUR ATTORNEYS.
THE CITY COUNCIL MEMBERS HAD A
CLOSED SESSION AND FOR FOLKS
WHO ARE UNAWARE I THINK THEY
ASSUMED IT WAS LIKE A BREAK AND
THAT WE WERE LIKE VOTING
PRIVATELY WITHOUT THE PUBLIC
WE'RE NOT ALLOWED TO VOTE IN
CLOSED SESSION.
SO IT WAS MEETING WITH OUR OUR
ATTORNEYS AND WE CAN'T DISCLOSE
WHAT WE DISCUSS.
SO I KNOW THERE'S BEEN I THINK
THERE WAS SOME ASSUMPTION THAT
THERE'S BEEN PRIVATE
CONVERSATIONS ABOUT THE RFP BUT
THE RFP PROCESS THIS CITY
COUNCIL MEMBERS ARE ALLOWED TO
MEET WITH OUR ATTORNEYS.
I MEAN WE HAVE TO BE ADVISED
ABOUT THE CITY'S LIABILITIES
BUT THAT'S A NORMAL PART
OF CITY BUSINESS.
YEAH.
IT'S NOT MEANT TO UNDERMINE
ANYONE OR ANYTHING.
>> SO I THINK IT'S CLEAR TO
COUNCIL THAT IT DOES FULLY
SUPPORT THE UNARMED RESPONSE
PROJECT TEAM OR WHATEVER IT'S
GOING TO BE CALLED THAT THAT IS
IN FACT ONE OF OUR
RECOMMENDATIONS FROM OUR ANNUAL
REPORT.
SO THANK YOU.
OK, WE'RE GOING TO MOVE ON.
I DID SIT AT THAT.
I DID SEND OUT COPIES OF THE
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY.
YOU MAY HAVE HEARD THAT THE
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT CAME OUT
WITH A REPORT ABOUT THE POLICE
RESPONSE TO THE THE SHOOTING AT
THE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL IN UVALDA
,TEXAS.
>> NOW YOU WILL GET IN MY
EMAILS, OK, AND TAKE A LOOK AT
THAT.
I THOUGHT IT WAS INTERESTING.
YOU KNOW, WE WE HAD A SCHOOL
SHOOTING IN OXFORD AND WE HAD A
SCHOOL SHOOTING IN AT MICHIGAN
STATE AND IT CERTAINLY ISN'T
BEYOND COMPREHENSION THAT WE
COULD HAVE THAT KIND OF THING
HERE IN ANN ARBOR AND WE WANT
TO MAKE SURE THAT WE IF IT
HAPPENS WE ARE PREPARED.
AND I THINK LOOKING AT WHAT THE
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE SAID THE
UVALDA POLICE DID WRONG MIGHT
GIVE US SOME THINGS TO THINK
ABOUT AND SOME QUESTIONS TO
ASK.
SO IF YOU GET A CHANCE TO TAKE
A LOOK AT THAT AND PLEASE SHARE
ANY THOUGHTS THAT YOU HAVE ALSO
THE MICHIGAN STATE POLICE
ISSUED ANOTHER REPORT THEY DID
ANOTHER STUDY AS TO WHETHER
THERE THE TROOPERS WERE BIASED.
OK, YEAH, THAT'S BASICALLY WHAT
IT WAS AND AND THAT'S THE I
THOUGHT WHAT I THOUGHT WAS
INTERESTING AND I DON'T KNOW IF
AFTER OUR OUR NEW ORDINANCE
HERE BECAUSE I DON'T THINK
WE'RE LOOKING AT ONE OF THE
THINGS THAT THEY FOUND IS THAT
RACIAL DISPARITIES WERE LESS AT
NIGHT WHERE THE TROOPER
COULDN'T SEE THE PERSON IN THE
CAR.
I THOUGHT THAT IT'S JUST
INTERESTING, YOU KNOW, YOU READ
THESE STUDIES AND SAYING HMM,
SO IF THEY CAN'T SEE THEN THE
DISPARITY GOES DOWN WHICH SORT
OF DOES SAY MAYBE THERE IS
SOMETHING TO THE ISSUE.
ANOTHER THING THAT I THOUGHT
WAS INTERESTING FROM THAT
REPORT IS THAT THE TROOPERS
RESPONSE WAS THAT THEY FELT
THEY WERE BEING PICKED ON.
THEY FELT PEOPLE WERE LOOKING
AT THEM AS RACIST AND I THOUGHT
THAT WAS THAT WAS INTERESTING.
I DON'T KNOW YOU KNOW, HOW OUR
OFFICERS FEEL AFTER THE
STUDIES, THE TRAFFIC STUDIES
THAT THAT WE'VE DONE.
BUT AGAIN, IT'S INTERESTING
SPEAKING OF OFFICERS, WE HAVE
FIVE NEW POLICE OFFICERS FOR
THE CITY OF ANN ARBOR AND I
THINK THAT BROUGHT TO A TOTAL
OF ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHT AND
WE'RE AUTHORIZED FOR ONE
HUNDRED AND TWENTY TWO.
WE NEED MORE OFFICERS.
WE NEED OFFICERS TO TO DO
COMMUNITY POLICING SO THE FOLKS
IN THE COMMUNITY KNOW THE
OFFICER AND THE OFFICER KNOWS
THE COMMUNITY.
SO I THOUGHT THAT WAS A GOOD
THING.
ONE ANOTHER ONE OF OUR
RECOMMENDATIONS THAT I'M GOING
TO BE SENDING OUT IS THAT WE
TRY TO HAVE THE POLICE
DEPARTMENT SET UP A
RELATIONSHIP WITH THE GENERAL
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND IT WENT IT
WENT BAD.
IT WENT SOUTH.
I, I I'M NOT SURE IF THERE WAS
ANY PARTICULAR INCIDENT BUT
PERHAPS AFTER ONE OF THE
SHOOTINGS MURDERS WE WE ARE NO
LONGER IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS
NOT FOR THE EXPLORER PROGRAM,
NOT FOR NOT FOR CAREER DAY AND
WE WANT TO GROW OUR OFFICERS
FROM WITHIN WE IT WOULD BE NICE
OUR POLICE OFFICERS WHO KNOW
THE CITY OF ANN ARBOR
COMMISSIONER THERE WAS SOME
POINT I KNOW THERE WAS A
RELATIONSHIP AT SOME POINT
BETWEEN THE AND OUR SCHOOLS AND
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
THERE WERE ACTUAL OFFICERS THAT
WERE STATIONED AT BRUTISHNESS.
SO I KNOW THAT THAT
RELATIONSHIP DID EXIST.
YOU DID I DON'T KNOW ANDY BUT I
DON'T KNOW WHY.
BUT I THINK FLOYD I THINK THAT
THAT WAS SORT OF THE IMPETUS
AND I DON'T KNOW IF WE'LL EVER
GET BACK TO THE OFFICERS
STATIONED IN THE SCHOOLS THAT
WAS THAT WAS REALLY A STICKING
POINT THAT THE COMMUNITY
CITIZENS DID NOT LIKE REALLY.
YEAH, THEY DID NOT LIKE THAT
BUT BUT TO HAVE THE EXPLORER
PROGRAM YOU KNOW SOMETHING LIKE
THAT WHERE TO INVOLVE THE
INVOLVE THE YOUNG PEOPLE AND
POSSIBLY GET THEM TO WHEN THEY
GRADUATE GO OVER TO THE ACADEMY
PROGRAM AND WATCH THE COMMUNITY
COLLEGE AND JUST SORT OF YOU
KNOW THAT WAY BUILD UP.
WE WANT COMMUNITY POLICING SO
IF WE COULD BRING UP POLICE
FROM THE COMMUNITY THAT WOULD I
THINK BE A GOOD THING.
>> SO LET ME GO AHEAD.
I'M SORRY.
I KNOW SINCE MY KIDS HAVE GONE
THROUGH AND ONE HAS GRADUATED
AND PUBLIC SCHOOLS THEY'VE
NEVER HAD AN OFFICER IN THE IN
THE SCHOOL.
SO AT LEAST IN THE PAST TWELVE
YEARS I DON'T REMEMBER.
SO THIS PREDATES GEORGE FLOYD
AND I KNOW THAT WHEN A COUPLE
OF YEARS AGO A COUPLE OF THE
SCHOOL BOARD CANDIDATES
ACTUALLY RAN
IN RESPONSE TO
THEIR UNEASINESS AROUND HOW OUR
POLICE WERE TRYING TO ENGAGE
LOCAL YOUTH AT EVENTS.
I MEAN THERE WAS THERE IS A
PRETTY PUBLIC OUTCRY OVER IT.
THEY WERE JUST NOT IT IT'S NOT
JUST UNCOMFORTABLE.
IT WAS THEY FELT IT WAS
UNNECESSARY ON I THINK WITH
SOMETHING LIKE MEET THE POLICE
AT THE PARK OR SOMETHING AND IT
WAS IT WAS SEEN AS BEING VERY
OVERT AND INAPPROPRIATE.
SO YEAH.
SO I DON'T I DON'T KNOW I DON'T
KNOW WHERE THE RIFT CAME ABOUT
.
I DO KNOW WHEN MY CHILDREN WERE
IN AND OUT OF PUBLIC SCHOOLS
THEY HAD POLICE IN THE SCHOOL
SO WELL ANYWAY AND I DID I HAD
LUNCH WITH A MEMBER OF THE
SCHOOL BOARD NOT LONG AGO AND
TO BRING THIS SUBJECT UP AND I
WAS IT WAS SUGGESTED TO ME THAT
WE AT LEAST WAIT UNTIL THE NEW
SUPERINTENDENT IS IN, YOU KNOW,
AND GETS GETS HIS OR HER FEET
WET AND SO BUT THAT'S SOMETHING
THAT IT'S OUT THERE THAT WE
MIGHT WANT TO DEAL WITH FINALLY
WHEN WE HAD THE INTERVIEWS FOR
THE NEW POLICE CHIEF, THERE WAS
A REPORTER HERE FROM THE GROUND
COVER .
YOU KNOW, THAT'S THE PAPER
FOLKS SELL FOR TWO DOLLARS AND
I SAID I TALKED TO HER
AFTERWARDS AND SHE GAVE ME YOUR
CARD AND SHE GAVE ME THE NAME
OF THEIR PUBLISHER AND I SAID
MAYBE YOU KNOW, WE TALKED ABOUT
A NEWSLETTER, MAYBE WE CAN GET
A COLUMN IN THERE.
MAYBE THAT'S A WAY TO TO TO GET
SOME INFORMATION OUT ABOUT IT
AND WHAT WE DO.
SO I JUST WANT TO PASS THIS
DOWN TO THE COMMUNITY COMMUNITY
OUTREACH COMMITTEE AND THAT'S
THE THAT'S THE REPORTER'S NAME
AND SHE WROTE THE PUBLISHER IF
THE IF IT'S SOMETHING YOU ALL
THINK IS VALUABLE IF NOT THAT
WAS A TWO DOLLAR PAPER SO IT'S
OK, HUH?
NO, NO I'LL I'LL I'LL DO THAT.
YOU CAN HAVE THE TO THE DO THAT
ONE OK I DON'T HAVE ANYTHING
FURTHER I PROBABLY TALKED LONG
ENOUGH ON US ON A BAD WEATHER
NIGHT SO LET'S MOVE ON.
>> THERE'S NO OJB ANY BUSINESS
ANY NEW BUSINESS MAYBE IT'S OLD
BUSINESS TRULIA LAST FALL LAST
HOUR I CAN'T REMEMBER THE
TIMELINE EXACTLY BUT THERE A
PRESS RELEASE.
THE ANN ARBOR POLICE HAD SIGNED
A CONTRACT TRULIA WHICH IS A
YEAH YEAH IT'S A RECOGNITION
THING.
YES, YEAH YEAH.
IS THAT RIGHT.
YEAH WE WAIT FOR THAT YEAH.
OK SIR IT'S NOT OFFICIAL
RECOGNITION.
>> WELL IT'S A IT'S A I KIND
OF THING IT'S WHAT THEY DO IS
BASICALLY THEY REVENUES AND
THEY TRANSCRIBE THEM IN A WAY
THAT WOULD NOT IDENTIFY AND
THERE IS NOTHING THAT WOULD
IDENTIFY ANY MEMBERS OF THE
COMMUNITY OR WHAT THEY DO IS
BASICALLY MORE OF QUALITY
CONTROL OF THE POLICE
DEPARTMENT MEMBERS.
SO THE THE OTHER THING IS WHY
THE SOFTWARE BECAME A LITTLE
POPULAR AND MANY POLICE
DEPARTMENTS ARE USING THAT IS
THE FACT THAT 95 PERCENT OF THE
BOARD KEMEROVO VIDEOS ARE NOT
BEING REVIEWED.
SO IF IF THERE IS NO DEMAND
THOSE ONES THERE WOULD BE
DELETED BECAUSE IT'S COSTLY TO
SAVE THOSE ONES FOR A LONG
TIME.
BUT YOU CAN SAVE THE TRANSCRIPT
OF THE VIDEOS AS AS A TAX AND
THAT WOULD TAKE LESS TIME.
PLUS YOU CAN FOLLOW THE
BEHAVIOR OF INDIVIDUAL OFFICERS
OVER TIME.
SO IT'S NOT YES, IT'S AN A.I.
BUT IT'S NOT YOU KNOW, YOU LOOK
AT IT AND SAY OH YEAH, THIS IS
A PERSON OR THAT PERSON IT'S
NOT IT'S NOT BEING USED FOR THE
PURPOSE OF IDENTIFICATION AND
IT'S JUST THE OTHER DAY I THINK
JUST THE OTHER DAY THE SHERIFF
COUNTY SHERIFF DEPARTMENT THEY
ARE GOING TO BE USING YOU KNOW
SO TALK ABOUT IT AGAIN TO THE
TO THE TO THE REPORT.
YOU KNOW, THE VIDEO THAT'S
INTERESTING THOSE OF THOSE
OF US WHO ARE DEALING WITH
INFORMATION MANAGERS WATCHING
THOSE VIDEOS IT TAKES IT TAKES
SOME TIME AND I DON'T I DON'T
WE CAN TALK ABOUT IT BUT I
DON'T KNOW IF I REVIEWING THE
VIDEOS OR WHATEVER THEY DO IS
THE SAME AS YOU KNOW OR EVEN
READING A TRANSCRIPT OF WHAT
WAS SAID DOESN'T NECESSARILY
GIVE THE FLAVOR OF WHAT WAS
GOING ON AT THE TIME.
BUT OK, WE'RE GOING TO GET BACK
WE'RE GOING TO CIRCLE BACK TO
THEM, OK?
WE'RE GOING TO GO TO REPORTS
FROM COMMITTEES, THE POLICY
COMMITTEE.
YOU'LL HAVE ANYTHING NO, NO NOT
NO REPORT AT THIS TIME TRAINING
COMMITTEE.
I THINK BOTH OF THE TRAINING
COMMITTEE MEMBERS ARE OUT
TODAY.
I KNOW THAT WE HAVE TRAINING
VIDEO THAT WE'RE REVIEWING TO
SEE IF THERE'S HAS ANY VALUE
THAT THE SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT
HAD HAD USED AND WE'LL TALK
ABOUT THAT AFTER THEY BOTH HAVE
HAD A CHANCE TO DEAL WITH AN
OUTREACH COMMITTEE.
WE DIDN'T HAVE ANYTHING TO
REPORT.
STILL WORKING ON THE WRITE UP
FOR THE RESEARCH STUDY ABOUT
THE BIAS THE TRAFFIC STOPS AND
I KIND OF MISS THAT AND THEN
PLANNING THE MEET THE CHIEF
WHICH I THINK WOULD BE REALLY
FUN AND ABOUT IT FOR NOW.
OK, VERY GOOD.
THANK YOU.
INFORMATION MANAGERS.
FOR YEARS YOU ARE STILL IN
THANK YOU.
PROGRESS.
FOR YEARS YOU ARE STILL IN
YOUR WORK IS IN PROGRESS AND
PROGRESS.
WHAT WE NEED IS BASICALLY THE
YOUR WORK IS IN PROGRESS AND
INFORMATION IN ONE AREA WITH
WHAT WE NEED IS BASICALLY THE
ALL THE LINKS NEEDED TO REVIEW
INFORMATION IN ONE AREA WITH
THE COMPLAINTS AND WE ARE
ALL THE LINKS NEEDED TO REVIEW
WORKING WITH THE POLICE
THE COMPLAINTS AND WE ARE
DEPARTMENT HOPEFULLY WITH THE
WORKING WITH THE POLICE
CITY AND CITY AND TO COME UP
DEPARTMENT HOPEFULLY WITH THE
WITH SOME KIND OF A PLATFORM
CITY AND CITY AND TO COME UP
WHERE IT'S EASY TO USE AND WE
WITH SOME KIND OF A PLATFORM
DON'T HAVE TO REINVENT THE
WHERE IT'S EASY TO USE AND WE
WHEEL EVERY TIME WE HAVE
DON'T HAVE TO REINVENT THE
CHANGES.
WHEEL EVERY TIME WE HAVE
SO EVERYTHING WILL BE IN ONE
CHANGES.
PLACE.
SO EVERYTHING WILL BE IN ONE
THE OTHER THING IS WOULD LIKE
PLACE.
TO HAVE IS AS PART OF OUR
THE OTHER THING IS WOULD LIKE
RESOURCE IS TO HAVE FOLDERS FOR
TO HAVE IS AS PART OF OUR
THE COMPLAINTS PER YEAR AND
RESOURCE IS TO HAVE FOLDERS FOR
OVER THERE ALSO WE'LL HAVE THE
THE COMPLAINTS PER YEAR AND
REPORTS FOR THOSE CASES SO
OVER THERE ALSO WE'LL HAVE THE
ANYONE CAN GO BACK AND LOOK AT
REPORTS FOR THOSE CASES SO
THOSE CASES AND LOOK AT THE
ANYONE CAN GO BACK AND LOOK AT
REPORTS THAT WE GENERATED.
THOSE CASES AND LOOK AT THE
AND AGAIN THIS IS A WORK IN
REPORTS THAT WE GENERATED.
PROGRESS.
AND AGAIN THIS IS A WORK IN
THE OTHER THING IS THE DEPUTY
PROGRESS.
CHIEF WURZBURG HAS SENT US SOME
THE OTHER THING IS THE DEPUTY
FOLDERS FOR THE TWENTY TWENTY
CHIEF WURZBURG HAS SENT US SOME
THREE COMPLAINTS AND I THINK
FOLDERS FOR THE TWENTY TWENTY
THAT'S ABOUT 70 AND THE ONLY
THREE COMPLAINTS AND I THINK
SIX OF THOSE WERE CAMPAIGNING
THAT'S ABOUT 70 AND THE ONLY
MATERIAL THAT WE CAN USE.
SIX OF THOSE WERE CAMPAIGNING
I WENT THROUGH THOSE ONES.
MATERIAL THAT WE CAN USE.
I WILL PROBABLY HAVE THAT DONE
I WENT THROUGH THOSE ONES.
WITHIN A COUPLE OF WEEKS TO
I WILL PROBABLY HAVE THAT DONE
HAVE THOSE THINGS IN PLACE SO
WITHIN A COUPLE OF WEEKS TO
IT'S OKAY AND WORK IN PROGRESS
HAVE THOSE THINGS IN PLACE SO
AND WILL WORK ON THE
IT'S OKAY AND WORK IN PROGRESS
RECOMMENDATIONS I SENT CHAIR
AND WILL WORK ON THE
FEW RECOMMENDATIONS FROM THE
RECOMMENDATIONS I SENT CHAIR
JUST LOOKING AT REVIEWING THE
FEW RECOMMENDATIONS FROM THE
DIFFERENT COMPLAINTS THAT YOU
JUST LOOKING AT REVIEWING THE
REALLY COME UP WITH SOME SOME
DIFFERENT COMPLAINTS THAT YOU
IDEAS OF RECOMMENDATIONS AND
REALLY COME UP WITH SOME SOME
THOSE RECOMMENDATIONS WERE
IDEAS OF RECOMMENDATIONS AND
BASED ON CASES.
THOSE RECOMMENDATIONS WERE
IT'S NOT LIKE I'M JUST WRITING
BASED ON CASES.
JUST BECAUSE I LIKE TO WRITE
IT'S NOT LIKE I'M JUST WRITING
THIS BASED ON WHY WE RECOMMEND
JUST BECAUSE I LIKE TO WRITE
THIS BECAUSE THERE WERE
THIS BASED ON WHY WE RECOMMEND
COMPLAINTS ABOUT THOSE AND I
THIS BECAUSE THERE WERE
WOULD LEAVE IT TO THE CHAIR TO
COMPLAINTS ABOUT THOSE AND I
DO WHATEVER IS NEEDED TO.
WOULD LEAVE IT TO THE CHAIR TO
I THINK WE'LL HAVE UH JUST TALK
DO WHATEVER IS NEEDED TO.
ABOUT IT A LITTLE BIT EARLY TO
I THINK WE'LL HAVE UH JUST TALK
COURTESY TO CONVEY OR TO SEND
ABOUT IT A LITTLE BIT EARLY TO
THOSE TO THE POLICE DEPARTMENT
COURTESY TO CONVEY OR TO SEND
AS WELL AS EDMANS RIGHT THERE.
THOSE TO THE POLICE DEPARTMENT
AGAIN, THESE RECOMMENDATIONS
AS WELL AS EDMANS RIGHT THERE.
CAN BE TAKEN ADOPTED CAN BE
AGAIN, THESE RECOMMENDATIONS
CHANGED OR REJECTED BECAUSE
CAN BE TAKEN ADOPTED CAN BE
THIS IS HOW ORDINANCE IS IS
CHANGED OR REJECTED BECAUSE
DESCRIBING OUR ROLE AS A
THIS IS HOW ORDINANCE IS IS
COMMISSION.
DESCRIBING OUR ROLE AS A
THANK THANK YOU AND
COMMISSION.
COMMISSIONER, HAPPINESS IS
THANK THANK YOU AND
CORRECT.
COMMISSIONER, HAPPINESS IS
WE ARE AN ADVISORY COMMISSION
CORRECT.
BASICALLY AND SO NOBODY HAS TO
WE ARE AN ADVISORY COMMISSION
PAY ANY ATTENTION TO WHAT WE
BASICALLY AND SO NOBODY HAS TO
RECOMMEND.
PAY ANY ATTENTION TO WHAT WE
BUT YET AND STILL I THINK OUR
RECOMMEND.
RECOMMENDATIONS MEAN A LOT.
BUT YET AND STILL I THINK OUR
I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT FOR
RECOMMENDATIONS MEAN A LOT.
EVERYONE TO UNDERSTAND REALLY
I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT FOR
WHAT GOES INTO REVIEWING THESE
EVERYONE TO UNDERSTAND REALLY
COMPLAINTS WHEN A COMPLAINT
WHAT GOES INTO REVIEWING THESE
COMES IN WE REVIEW THE ENTIRE
COMPLAINTS WHEN A COMPLAINT
COMPLAINT AND THE POLICE REPORT
COMES IN WE REVIEW THE ENTIRE
ALL THE EVERYTHING THAT COMES
COMPLAINT AND THE POLICE REPORT
FROM THE POLICE DEPARTMENT AND
ALL THE EVERYTHING THAT COMES
WE CANNOT DO ANYTHING UNTIL THE
FROM THE POLICE DEPARTMENT AND
POLICE DEPARTMENT HAS FINISHED
WE CANNOT DO ANYTHING UNTIL THE
THEIR INVESTIGATION AND THEN
POLICE DEPARTMENT HAS FINISHED
THERE'S THE BODY WORN CAMERA
THEIR INVESTIGATION AND THEN
AND IF YOU'VE GOT A COUPLE
THERE'S THE BODY WORN CAMERA
OF POLICE OFFICERS OUT THERE,
AND IF YOU'VE GOT A COUPLE
THEN YOU'RE LOOKING AT COULD BE
OF POLICE OFFICERS OUT THERE,
A COUPLE HOURS OF OF A VIDEO.
THEN YOU'RE LOOKING AT COULD BE
SO WE ARE CATCHING UP AND IT'S
A COUPLE HOURS OF OF A VIDEO.
MY UNDERSTANDING THING THAT WE
SO WE ARE CATCHING UP AND IT'S
HAVEN'T HAD ANY COMPLAINTS COME
MY UNDERSTANDING THING THAT WE
IN FOR TWENTY TWENTY THREE FOR
HAVEN'T HAD ANY COMPLAINTS COME
LOUIS ARMSTRONG LONGYEAR FOR
IN FOR TWENTY TWENTY THREE FOR
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR.
LOUIS ARMSTRONG LONGYEAR FOR
WE HAVE NOT HAD ANY COMPLAINTS
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR.
COME IN SO THAT'S A GOOD THING
WE HAVE NOT HAD ANY COMPLAINTS
AND WE'LL TRY TO KEEP UP RATHER
COME IN SO THAT'S A GOOD THING
THAN CONTINUING TO CATCH UP.
AND WE'LL TRY TO KEEP UP RATHER
YOU'RE JUST JUST A NO
.
OVER THE PAST FOUR YEARS WE
RECEIVED ABOUT 100 COMPLAINTS
ON AVERAGE ABOUT TWENTY FIVE
PER YEAR BUT SOMETIMES ONE YEAR
IS PROBABLY THIRTY.
THE OTHER ONE IS LIKE TWENTY
TWENTY THREE IS SEVENTEEN BUT
ON THE AVERAGE IT'S ABOUT
TWENTY TWENTY FIVE COMPLAINTS
PER YEAR AND I WOULD SAY THE
MAJORITY IS BASICALLY THE TYPE
OF INTERACTION THE IMPRESSION
THAT THE CITIZENS HAVING DUE TO
THE INTERACTION WITH THE POLICE
ASK ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT ANY
OF THE REPORTS THAT WE HEARD
OF THIS COMPLAINT HAS BEEN
SUBMITTED BUT I'VE BEEN HEARING
FROM UNIVERSITY STUDENTS IN
SOME PROFESSORS THAT THERE WERE
SOME I GUESS VIDEO ABOUT OUR
POLICE INTERACTING WITH
PROTESTERS AT THE RUTHANNE
ADMINISTRATION ADMINISTRATIVE
BUILDING LAST FALL WHICH
CONFLICTS WITH WHAT WE'VE HEARD
FROM OUR OUR POLICE AND OUR
CITY ADMINISTRATOR IN THAT OUR
POLICE WERE ON STANDBY IN
SUPPORT OF CAMPUS POLICE BUT
DID INTERACTOR INTERVENE WITH
PROTESTERS?
BUT WE'RE HEARING DIFFERENT
THINGS.
I KNOW THERE ARE A LOT
OF POLICE FROM THROUGHOUT THE
COUNTY AND THEN UNIVERSITY
MICHIGAN POLICE WERE THERE.
THERE COULD HAVE BEEN SOME
CONFUSION AND WHO INTERACTED
WITH THE STUDENTS AND THE
PROTESTERS.
BUT THERE'S ENOUGH NOISE THAT I
ENCOURAGE FOLKS IF THAT'S
SOMETHING THAT REALLY HAPPENS
JUST TO COME AND SUBMIT A
COMPLAINT TO TO PARK.
BUT THAT IS SOMETHING THAT'S
CIRCULATING IN THE COMMUNITY.
OK, WELL WE DO HAVE TO WE HAVE
TO HAVE A COMPLAINT AND FOR THE
PUBLIC ANYWAY IF YOU WANT TO
COME HERE ONE OF OUR MEETINGS
AND MAKE A COMPLAINT OR THE
COMPLAINT CAN BE MADE BY EMAIL
OR TELEPHONE CALL OR WHATEVER
WE ARE WE STAND READY TO TO
TAKE COMPLAINTS AND DEAL WITH
THEM.
AND NOW AND THIS IS INTERESTING
BECAUSE ONE OF OUR
RECOMMENDATIONS THERE WAS AT
LEAST ONE INCIDENT THAT
COMMISSIONER OFMAN REVIEWED THE
POLICE OFFICERS OUR POLICE
OFFICERS JUST HAPPENED TO BE
OUT AND SOMEONE MADE A
COMPLAINT BUT THEY DIDN'T HAVE
ON THEIR BODY ON CAMERA.
ONE OF OUR RECOMMENDATIONS IS
GOING TO BE THAT EVERY TIME AN
OFFICER IS OUT ON THE STREET
DEALING WITH THE PUBLIC THEY
HAVE ON THE CAMERA SO THAT YOU
KNOW, WE DON'T HAVE A SITUATION
WHERE SOMEBODY SAYS WELL THE
POLICE DID SUCH AND SUCH NOBODY
AND THERE'S OTHER POLICE OUT
THERE AND NOBODY HAS ANY RECORD
OF WHAT ACTUALLY HAPPENED.
SO THAT IS AND IT'S PROBABLY
GOING TO COST IT'S GOING TO BE
A COSTLY ONE BECAUSE I DON'T
THINK THERE'S MONEY WE'LL FIND
OUT.
I DON'T THINK THERE'S MONEY FOR
CAMERAS FOR EVERY TIME AN
OFFICER'S ON THE STREET.
BUT THAT MAKES SENSE TO US.
THAT'S ONE OF OUR
RECOMMENDATIONS IN OUR IN OUR
REPORT.
OK, SO WE'RE OK.
>> YEAH.
SO NOW WE'RE AT OUR CITY
COUNCIL UPDATE COUNCIL MISON IF
YOU HAVE ANYTHING FURTHER TO
CIRCLING BACK TO TULLIO, THIS
WAS A DISCUSSION THAT COUNCIL
MEMBER HARRISON AND I HAD WITH
OUR PREVIOUS INTERIM CHIEF AMY
METZER.
SO I THINK IT WAS THE WEEK UPON
HER LEAVING FOR HER POSITION AT
THE UNIVERSITY WHERE I WAS
ANNOUNCED WE CAUGHT IT ON THE
PRESS THAT WE HAD CONTRACTED
WITH TULLIO COUNCIL MEMBER
HARRISON AND I JUST EXPRESSED
OUR RETICENCE AROUND THIS
BECAUSE THIS DIDN'T GO TO
COUNCIL REVIEW BECAUSE THE
CONTRACT LIMIT DID NOT COME UP
TO COUNCIL REVIEW.
IT'S LESS THAN TWENTY FIVE I
THINK IT'S LESS THAN TWENTY
FIVE THOUSAND.
BUT OUR CONCERN WAS THAT YOU
KNOW AS WE TALK ABOUT FACIAL
RECOGNITION, AS WE TALK OUR
TECHNOLOGY USE IN POLICING,
THERE ARE SOME PRIVACY
CONCERNS.
THERE'S PRIVACY OF THE DATA
THAT'S COLLECTED.
YOU KNOW THE KIND OF DATA THAT
COULD BE NOT JUST LIMITED TO
POLICE AND PUBLIC INTERACTION,
IT COULD BE LIKE OTHER OTHER
OTHER CONVERSATIONS COULD BE
CAPTURED.
WE WE JUST WANT TO UNDERSTAND
THE TECHNOLOGY MORE AND HOW WE
HOW WOULD WE USE WITHIN AN HOUR
AND THE RESPONSE THE INTERIM
CHIEF METZER GAVE AT THE TIME
THAT SHE HEARD OUR CONCERNS.
SHE WAS ALSO CONCERNED AND SHE
WOULD PAUSE THE PROGRAM IN THE
UPDATE WITH WE HAD AND COUNCIL
MEMBER WATSON AND I HAD A
MEETING WITH OUR CURRENT
CURRENT INTERIM CHIEF AND
PATRICK OH, I CAN'T REMEMBER
HIS MCGUIRE YES.
LAST WEEK AND HE SAID THAT THE
CONCERN WAS TAKEN SERIOUSLY
WITHIN THE DEPARTMENTS SO MUCH
SO THAT THERE'S NO IT WAS NEVER
IMPLEMENTED.
OFFICERS ARE NOT TRAINED TO USE
IT AND IT ACTUALLY SEVERED THE
CONNECTION BETWEEN THE SOFTWARE
COMPANY AND ARBER.
SO WE KNOW THAT THEY'VE PUT IT
ON PAUSE FOR ADDITIONAL REVIEW
BY OUR INCOMING CHIEF.
SO THE CONVERSATION IS MOVING
SO IT'LL BE ANOTHER REVIEW ON
IT.
GOOD.
YEAH I DO THINK THERE IS CAUSE
FOR CONCERN AND I KNOW FOLKS
ARE REALLY EXCITED ABOUT IT
BECAUSE THE IDEA THAT THE
COMPANY HAS PITCH THAT IS THAT
IT MAKES REVIEWING TRANSCRIPTS
MORE EFFICIENT.
BUT I I KIND OF FEEL LIKE IF
WE'RE PUSHING FOR COMMUNITY
BASED POLICING I'D RATHER HAVE
THE COMMUNITY REVIEW IT AND IF
THERE'S CONCERNS ABOUT CAPACITY
TO DO THAT THEN WE INCREASE
CAPACITY.
I JUST HUMANIZE HUMAN EARS.
HUMAN REVIEW COMMUNITY REVIEW I
THINK IS SIGNIFICANTLY
SIGNIFICANTLY BETTER OUTCOMES
BUT IT COULD BE WRONG BUT
HOPEFULLY OUR INCOMING CHIEF
CAN CAN SPEAK TO THIS MORE.
WELL, PERSONALLY I DON'T THINK
YOU'RE WRONG ABOUT IT AND IT
DOES TAKE A LONG TIME BUT I
THINK IT'S WORTH IT.
AND YOU KNOW, AGAIN, I HAVE
SAID BEFORE THAT WE ARE WE'RE
BEHIND ON OUR REVIEW AND AS
COMMISSIONER OFTEN STATED,
WE'RE TRYING TO SET UP A SYSTEM
SO THAT IT'S IT'S EASIER
BECAUSE MOST OF OUR I MEAN
WE'RE ALL VOLUNTEERS, YOU KNOW,
SO IF WE CAN MAKE THE PROCESS
OF COMPLAINT REVIEW SIMPLER SO
WE'RE NOT GOING HERE TO LOOK AT
THIS AND HERE TO LOOK AT THAT
AND IT'S ALL RIGHT FOR US THAT
I DON'T THINK WE NEED A
COMPUTER OR I OR WHATEVER TO DO
IT FOR US AND I DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT HOW IT WOULD
WORK.
SO MAYBE YOU WILL FILL US IN
LATER AS YOU LEARN ABOUT WHAT
SUPPOSEDLY THAT WILL DO.
I DON'T THINK IT CAN DO ANY
BETTER THAN COMMISSIONER, I
THINK AND IT'S JUST MY OPINION
WE USED TO WORK IN MR WHAT MY
TERM ENDS IN PEOPLE REALLY
CLONE THE COMMISSIONERS BUT NOT
USE A SOFTWARE COMMISSIONER
GREEN PARDON MY IGNORANCE BUT
ARE THERE CLEAR GUIDELINES AS
TO WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR WHEN
WE ACTUALLY DO THESE REVIEWS
AND THAT'S WHY I WAS NEED SO
THAT'S WHAT I WAS GOING TRY AND
GET YOU TO JOIN US BECAUSE LIKE
MYSELF YOU'VE PROBABLY BEEN
REVIEWING POLICE REPORTS FOR
DECADES WHEN A HAIR I KNOW I
LOOK FOR CERTAIN THINGS RIGHT.
WELL, WE HAVE A COMPLAINT.
YOU'LL HAVE A CITIZEN WHO SAYS
THIS.
I'M COMPLAINING BECAUSE I
BELIEVE THE OFFICER DID SUCH
AND SUCH AND SUCH TO ME AND SO
WHEN WE REVIEW THAT IS WHAT WE
ARE LOOKING FOR WHETHER THAT
WAS ACTUALLY DONE AND WHETHER
THAT VIOLATES SOME LAW OR
POLICY OR OTHER DIRECTIVE.
SO IT'S YOU KNOW, IT'S HARD TO
SAY YOU LOOK FOR A, B AND C
BECAUSE BECAUSE IT'S ALL
DEPENDENT ON THE WHAT THE
COMPLAINT IS WHETHER THAT'S
TRUE.
YEAH.
THE THE THE OTHER THING IS
SOMETIMES WE LOOK AT CERTAIN
WORDS IN WITH YOU BECAUSE THESE
ARE THE ALLEGATIONS AND
SOMETIMES WE FORGET THAT WITHIN
THE VIDEO ITSELF THERE'S
SOMETHING BEING SAID BUT WENT
UNNOTICED.
WHAT IS IMPORTANT IT'S LIKE
IT'S LIKE THERE ARE TWO
INCIDENTS WHICH I'M NOT GOING
TO DWELL ON WHERE AN OFFICER
USED AN EXAMPLE OF SOMETHING
AND THE EXAMPLE WAS WAS WRONG
BUT THE POLICE FOR THAT EXAMPLE
WAS WRONG.
THE PLACE FOR IT WAS WRONG.
IT WAS SO WHICH MEANS THAT IF
IF IT WAS INAPPROPRIATE BUT IT
WAS RIGHT IT WAS WAS RIGHT.
SO SO IN THIS CASE THE OFFICER
NEEDS TO BE AWARE OF WHEN WHEN
YOU SAY SOMETHING LIKE THAT IN
A VIDEO WE'RE NOT JUST FOCUSING
ON WHAT WE SEE AS ALLEGATIONS
OR THE INTERACTIONS OR
INTERACTIONS WE ALSO WE ARE
LOOKING AT CERTAIN THINGS OR
YOU JUST GO AND THROW WELL YOU
THIS GUY IS THIS GUY OR IS
WHATEVER IS SO SO YOU YOU
INJECT SOMETHING INTO THE
CONVERSATION THAT IS A LITTLE
BIT OF WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR
.
BUT IT'S ALSO IMPORTANT THAT WE
TAKE INTO ACCOUNT SO WE TRY NOT
TO BE OBJECTIVE BUT I SEE THAT
SOMETIMES THE POLICE OFFICERS
ARE BEING SUBJECTED TO VERBAL
ABUSE REALLY AND WE SEE THAT.
BUT THE OFFICER IS NOT
COMPLAINING.
THE CITIZEN IS COMPLAINING
ABOUT THE POLICE.
SO WE FOCUS ON WHAT THE CITIZEN
IS SAYING ABOUT THESE
ALLEGATIONS AND WHETHER OR NOT
THE VIDEOS IS SUPPORTING THE
ALLEGATIONS.
WE TRY TO BE EXTREMELY
OBJECTIVE IN THIS AND WHAT ELSE
I THINK I COULD NOT TELL YOU'RE
GOING TO FIND WHEN WE WHEN WE
LOOK AT OUR REPORT THAT A LARGE
NUMBER OF I'M NOT YET READY TO
SAY WHAT PERCENTAGE A LARGE
PERCENTAGE OF OUR COMPLAINTS
HAVE TO DO WITH RUDENESS AND
JUST THEY DIDN'T TALK TO ME
LIKE LIKE THEY SHOULD AND YOU
KNOW, THE BIBLE SAID THE POWER
OF LIFE TO DEATH IS IN THE
TONGUE AND WHEN YOU START
TALKING TO SOMEBODY LIKE THEY
DON'T MATTER AND IT DOESN'T
HAPPEN ALL THE TIME BUT PEOPLE
FEEL THAT AND SO THAT'S GOING
TO BE PART OF OUR
RECOMMENDATIONS AS WELL THAT WE
HAVE FURTHER TRAINING ON BEING
POLITE TO PEOPLE DEALING WITH
PEOPLE THE WAY YOU WOULD WANT
TO BE DEALT WITH.
A LOT OF OUR COMPLAINTS HAVE TO
DO WITH THAT.
SO ANYWAY, OK, FEEL FREE TO LET
ME KNOW YOU WANT TO JOIN US.
WE'RE SURE I MEAN THE ONLY
REASON THAT I TALK ABOUT THE
CLEAR GUIDELINES IS BECAUSE
THERE IS OBJECTIONABLE BEHAVIOR
.
YEAH.
AND THEN THERE IS IMPROPER OR
ILLEGAL BEHAVIOR AND EVEN
THOUGH SOMETHING MAY BE
OBJECTIONABLE, IT MAY BE WELL
WITHIN THE BOUNDS OF THE
OFFICERS RESPONSIBILITY AND
DOING RIGHT EVEN IS THAT EVEN
IF IT'S OBJECTIONABLE WE DIDN'T
TALK TO ME WITH THE RIGHT TONE
TO YEAH.
AND THAT'S WHY SOME OF OUR SOME
OF OUR COMPLAINT REVIEWS WILL
SAY WE AGREE WITH THE
DEPARTMENT THAT THE OFFICER,
YOU KNOW, WAS EXONERATED
OF THIS WRONGDOING.
HOWEVER, PERHAPS A LETTER FROM
THE DEPARTMENT SAYING WE'RE
SORRY FOR YOUR INCONVENIENCE,
SOMETHING I KNOW.
SO YEAH, WE WE CAN DEAL WITH
THAT THAT YOU KNOW, IT WASN'T
ILLEGAL AND IT MAYBE WASN'T
EVEN IMPROPER BUT AND I THINK
THAT'S WHERE WE'RE WHERE WE
COME IN IN TERMS OF WHAT WE CAN
ADD TO THE WHOLE PROCESS.
OK, OK.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU COMMUNITY.
WE HAVEN'T NO WE HAVE NO
COMMUNICATIONS.
ALL RIGHT.
IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE THAT
ANYBODY NEEDS TO TALK ABOUT
THIS EVENING?
IF NOT WE HAVE GOTTEN OUT
OF HERE IN A LITTLE MORE THAN
AN HOUR AND I APPRECIATE IT AND
I KNOW YOU DO TOO.
DOES ANYBODY WANT TO MOVE TO
ADJOURN THE MEETING AND MOVE TO
JOIN THE MEETING AND IS THERE A
SECOND SECOND BEFORE I SAY ALL
IN FAVOR PLEASE READ ALL THE
THEM MY EMAILS AND GIVE ME SOME
RESPONSE.
OK, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
MEETING IS ADJOURNED.
THANK YOU